docs: add security response process (#3037)
external-secrets/external-secrets: SECURITY_RESPONSE.md

# Incident response

This serves to define how potential security issues should be triaged, how
confirmation occurs, providing the notification, and issuing a security advisory
as well as patch/release.

## Triage

### Identify the problem

> Triaging problems allows maintainers to focus resources on the most critically
> impacting problems. Potential security problems should be evaluated against the
> following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triaging issues allows maintainers to focus resources on the most critically
impacting problems. Potential security risks should be evaluated against the
following information:
```

* Which component(s) of the project is impacted?
* What kind of problem is this?
  * privilege escalation
  * credential access
  * code execution
  * exfiltration
  * lateral movement
* How complex is the problem?
* Is user interaction required?
* What privileges are required for this problem to occur?
  * admin
  * general
* What is the potential impact or consequence of the problem?
* Does an exploit exist?

Any potential problem that has an exploit, permits privilege escalation, is
simple, and does not require user interaction should be evaluated immediately.
[CVSS Version 3.1](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln-metrics/cvss/v3-calculator) can be

> a helpful tool in evaluating the criticality of reported problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a helpful tool in evaluating the criticality of reported issues.
```

### Acknowledge receipt of the problem

> Respond to the reporter and notify them you have received the problem and have
> begun reviewing it. Remind them of the [embargo policy](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/231b87f371274b2d68def2c6a35a719210836191/project-resources/templates/embargo-policy.md), and provide them
> information on who to contact/follow-up with if they have questions. Estimate a
> time frame that they can expect to receive an update on the problem. Create a
> calendar reminder to contact them again by that date to provide an update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Respond to the reporter and notify them that you have received and begun reviewing the problem. Remind them of the [embargo policy](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/231b87f371274b2d68def2c6a35a719210836191/project-resources/templates/embargo-policy.md), and provide them
information on who to contact/follow-up with if they have questions. Estimate when they can expect to receive an update. Create a calendar reminder to contact them again by that date to provide an update.
```

Reviewer: uh I think I messed up the linebreaks a bit here...
